Weekly 2021-08-09-pulsar-weekly (#115)
streamnative/pulsar_weekly: content/2021/2021-08/2021-08-09-pulsar-weekly.md

---
title: "2021-08-09-pulsar-weekly"
displayTitle: "Pulsar Community Weekly Update - 2021-08-02 ~ 2021-08-08"
date: 2021-08-02 ~ 2021-08-08
description: "This is the Pulsar community weekly update for 2021-08-02 ~ 2021-08-08, with updates on Pulsar client, broker, transactions, and so on."
id: "2021-08-02-pulsar-weekly"
---

# Pulsar Community Weekly Update｜ 2021-08-02 ~ 2021-08-08

> This is the Pulsar community weekly update for 2021-07-26 ~ 2021-08-01, with updates on Pulsar client, broker, transactions, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the Pulsar community weekly update for 2021-08-02 ~ 2021-08-08, with updates on Pulsar client, broker, transactions, and so on.
```
